In my most recent conversation
with Her Holiness Sai Maa
we spoke of the future condition of mankind
of what we're involving toward,
and what will no longer serve us
as members of the human race.
Sai Maa shares that
while we may be growing
in our divine capabilities and technology
all of these gains are worth nothing
if we do not operate from our hearts
through a lens of love.
In addition, she says
that we're going to be letting go
of our emotions as we know them.
(soundscape music)
Sai Maa welcome.
It's good to see you again, yes.
(Islamic greeting)
It's a great joy for me to be with you.
And for our next adventure.
Blessings to all of you
with great love, thank you.
We're going to go into an area
that is considered highly esoteric,
but it's one that's very near and dear
to my heart and to yours.
And that is the continuance of knowledge.
Knowledge has been gained and lost repeatedly
in these earth permutations
throughout history of the planet.
We're both aware
of the Atlantean times and Atlantean knowledge
and many Atlantean knowledgists
are trying to awaken again now.
In the last couple of go rounds
the knowledge was lost
and it's taken us a very long time
except for a very few
It's taken a very long time
to even find our way back
to awaken
to this point
to the knowledge
to awaken, yes
the wisdom
That's right, yes,
Knowledge
Yes, the wisdoms
is not enough
Off camera
you were saying,
Ah, that there is a way,
no matter what happens
in our futures, to maintain the knowledge
that we have awakened to.
Let's just launch in
and you can go anywhere you like with this.
Yes, we speak of the Altlantean Civilization era.
If we do not pay attention
the same thing will happen to this one.
We cannot be proud that we were Atlantean
simply because we did not love.
We started with love and moving technology.
Great intellect, great intelligence.
We forgot the heart.
And while forgetting the heart
what happens is the ego start to grow.
The ego start to grow and grow and grow.
And we then by that we could not forgive.
We could not love.
With our technology, we sank.
If there's no love on this plane right now,
the same thing will happen.
We will not be able to make of this planet a Venus.
Because there'll be nothing of love.
So I'm very concerned.
You see when we were Atlantean,
when we were Egyptian,
we could use black magic,
we could use white magic.
Without love,
it will be only curse and black magic.
Because of the power
that we will be creating from within.
We'll be able to curse anybody at any moment.
And that create evil.
That create entities of darkness.
Yes.
So it's fantastic to move to the place.
It's a golden opportunity right now
in our hand for what's coming.
Let's talk about
your understanding of what's coming
and how we prepare ourselves
and how we maintain
what we have remembered.
What's coming is big.
It's really big.
It's a place where
I go further to the work
of (study references) all ascended masters.
I had an experience once.
I needed something
and my arms become very long
and grabbed this something.
That can be very scary.
We are moving into a time
where we will not need transportation.
It's not a coincidence
that we are going through
all this crisis.
Simply because we'll be able
to teleport ourselves,
bio-locate and manifest
whatever we need or wish
from the unmanifest.
Meaning the consciousness of human
will become that Godly species.
That evolution, that divine human.
That alchemy from spirit to humanness
into one, alchemy.
It is possible to get there even without love.
The only thing is when we get to that place.
When there's no love, it's a disaster.
It's all about ego base, intellect base.
One side of the brain is developed.
So I am insisting
that we move into that love place.
Love create compassion.
Love create forgiveness.
Love create healing.
Love create transformation.
Love create acceptance.
Love create harmony.
Love create peace.
And there'll be no competition in that place.
So where we are going
it's extremely important
that we create healthy relationship,
loving relationship,
acceptance relationship.
And all kind of chaos is happening
on the planet and its going to be worse.
Yes, it is going to be worse,
and people start fearing
for the lose of the physical life.
But in reality,
we inherit what's on the other side, anyway.
What we inherit, we are.
We are, yes, yes.
I would not say what's on the other side.
We are here in a physical body,
the divine essence,
the essence of life,
the greatness of life.
We cannot be killed.
We cannot die.
There's a famous saying,
I think it was Tong and Chiu,
What's the problem with death?
You live through it anyway.
Every moment
Which is true.
Every moment,
but when I say inherit,
I mean as in inheriting the earth
as in inheriting the future condition
and future incarnations.
What we sow the seeds for now.
Wherever and whatever we create now
is entering our DNA.
Let's talk about the DNA.
The DNA is a storeroom
of everything we create.
My philosophy, we've created it,
we can de-create it.
No big deal.
It's a matter of what's within us.
The DNA itself
has its original template in it.
Are we ready to uncover that?
Are we ready to look within?
Are we ready to really see
what are we about?
Because we've been working off of
and developing ourselves off of
very limited DNA for a good while now, too.
That was for purpose of forgetfulness
That's right.
The planet herself
when she was created
with all the elohims
and cosmic beings, she did say
Okay I'll go to bed, I'll sleep.
I'll tell you one thing,
I'll be awakened at a certain time,
and this is the time.
With that the sacred feminine comes up.
Why the sacred feminine?
Why the feminine?
Even the male today are to be,
the male physical human
are to be more, more feminine in a way
more sacred to allow the love
the tenderness, the sweetness to life
to be awakened from them.
And that energy
because it will be new,
all kind of challenges
will happen in relationships.
Let's talk about that.
It's not very important.
Let's talk about the new energy,
the new energy coming in,
and what it's doing,
the kind of things we're hearing
whispered in our ear
that we don't know how to respond to.
The point for the planet
and the human race now
it's an evolution that takes one
to the superconscious.
For that each and everyone
is to experience their enlightenment,
their mastery.
For one to move into the place of enlightenment,
one cannot depend on any other human being.
If I depend on you to be happy,
how can I be enlightened?
So there is a sort of (mumble)
as if all relationship are going
through a cutting process of umbilical cord
between them so that they can
stand on their own identity
to know who they are.
This is now the time of,
"Who am I?"
I've done therapy.
I've meditate,
and I'm still not well.
So how can they be
in a healthy relationship
when they're not well?
Because they will attract this mirror
as consciousness.
Am I being clear?
Yes, very clear.
So, most people, I say,
the challenge will be for relationship.
They will not understand
why they can't get along
with their partners anymore.
In other words,
you don't take the list out.
Has to be tall, handsome,
has to have money.
That is over.
All of those old (incoherent)
over, over.
Go inside, find out what's not working
with yourself, and then the more you evolve,
you can say, "I call forth the soul that fits with me."
And your soul may not be ready
for you to be in a relationship, to share.
You see, most relationship
is needy relationship.
I'm with you so I don't feel depressed,
I don't feel lonely,
I can pay my loan, dah, dah, dah.
It's a relationship of sharing.
Meaning that if you go to the movie,
I don't pout when you come back.
If I wish to go to a concert
and you don't like this music,
you are happy when I come back,
which is not the case up to now.
We depend on somebody else,
and we wish to be invited
at the same place together.
We wish to do everything...,
and we are so emersed in the other
that we do not know our self anymore.
So this time, preparing the golden age
is not about us as a couple.
It's about, Who am I?
What's my role?
What responsibility do I take?
What is my own real identity?
That is scary for many.
It is scary, it is scary for many.
Let's talk about
how the energies and events
from your perspective and knowledge
will be unfolding
over the course of the next decade or so,
what people should be ready for.
Ready to die.
And when you realize that death is at every moment.
The one minute that just passed is death.
It's over, and ready for the inner energy
the highest self takes over.
We surrender to the highest within us,
to the light within us,
not to the ego,
not to allow the ego to manipulate us
and do whatever the ego wish.
But allow the, the light inside
the higher self, the great self
to embody the humanness
takes over and guide the path
and guide humanity at the same time.
That's why I insist on mastering.
This seems to be the most important part.
Because again, if we are going to be
ultimately coming back here
if we choose to do these incarnations,
we're entering a very different world
after these changes take place.
Very different directive,
a different civilization
and less human
and less human.
and we can really prepare ourselves
for our continuance on a higher level now.
I'll give you an example,
what's going to happen.
You may be aware how human
are constantly the emotional energies
and most of the time
low-frequency emotion.
That's very true
This is brainwashed.
Now if people are not strong
in their emotional body.
they are shaken.
They are into a chaotic situation.
What do they do when they are not well
emotionally or mentally?
They eat, or drink.
or drink.
or all kind of addictions.
Let's talk only of the eating part.
They need to eat to calm themselves down.
This is coming to an end.
It's coming to that place
we will not be eating the way we eat anymore.
The more we enhance our energies,
the more we grow in or higher frequency
we will be eating through prana.
So for that somebody has to be emotionally strong.
Very good point.
Mentally clear, a clear intellect
a clarity, with the purity
because the more your energy will be
the higher frequency.
Let's talk of the Atlantean time.
If there is no purity,
you will destroy others and yourself,
and the planet with it.
Because of the intensity
of the power of one's thought and intention
we can't do it as irresponsibly
because we won't be a dense (laughs),
on every level.
Dense is the word.
We are to be more refined.
We are to be more sound.
We are to be more vibration.
We are to be more light.
That's where we are to be.
How do you see this transition taking place
with the souls that exist today
and the vast disconnect
between those who
have really worked on mastery
and those who have worked on barely survival?
Well, one thing I found out.
I will take this country.
Many who are teachers,
There's a big difference
between masters and teachers.
Many who are teachers think they are there.
What is your point of view on that?
No, that is not correct.
Mastery is different.
Thank you.
Teaching's a mental construct.
Now these teachers thinking they are masters
They create this ego on a pedestal
of themself and they do wrong to the planet.
But they're unaware.
How do we deal with this?
This is your country, tell me.
Well, again, there's only one way.
And that is education,
and education is the understanding
that we have to go inside
with humility.
and compassion
the love for oneself even.
Alright.
Genuine compassion
and love for oneself, not ego.
Meaning humility.
Now when you ask me the question
about those who have done the work
let's say 50 years, 40 years, 35 years,
and those who are living on survival.
These who are on survival mode
can turn it like this (snaps fingers)
and have a big shift of consciousness
and work differently
Makes sense.
Because there isn't the impediment
of the mental construct
Thank you.
or the ego belief systems
And the other one was working,
I am this, I am that, I can do better.
Because they are like this
I am not sure they will survive the next step.
Lack of humility.
Makes sense.
And there's no love in that place
Where is the grace of life?
Very true.
So we need to begin checking
in with ourselves and seeing
Thank you.
what is real and genuine.
And what is to be healed in me.
What are the wounds that I carry
that separate me
and I wish always to control and manipulate others.
I'm talkin', you speak of those who are in survival mode
and those who have done some work.
I'm speaking for those who have done some work.
That that humility, that purity, that greatness
Where is this?
Yes, Yes.
So this is the beginning point.
Because a lot of people will be watching this
are people who have been looking and seeking
and gaining knowledge for themselves
and some of it is just mental constructs.
You're right.
I've watched.
You are right.
There is an addiction
to learning more.
I'm in that position because I have to be.
Because I need to have knowledge
in order to be able to do what I do here
to bring forth many positions,
but I also understand
there is only a certain range of information
that one actually is to utilize for your own self.
Again come back to love and humility,
purity, clarity.
Look with the eyes of love.
Look for the sake of looking
without the judgement on it.
Choosing peace within
And be that
and marinate in that peace.
Again we come back to love.
It's so extremely important.
Without love, there's nothing possible.
Without love, we create another Atlantis
instead of another Venus.
The love is the ingredient.
It is the remedy for everything.
Forgiveness.
And yet we're being led down
the further path of technology
on every level, every day.
I am very pleased
separating us from
technology is coming
this aspect often.
Because people don't necessarily integrate them.
You go down this path.
I would not say integration.
I would say, Have the highest technology.
Whatever technology
you see here nowadays, nothing
comparing to what we've known.
Yes, that's true.
Nothing! It's a dust.
Make the technology big
so we can just (snaps fingers)
instantly manifest nearly anything.
Love with that.
Love, see someone with love.
Do things with love.
Create love within us.
Text message with love.
I'm good at that (laughs)
(laughs)
There you go
as long as you throw out the love (laughs).
One thing is very important
as we just talk of
those who are teachers
and those who are masters.
Whenever this happen into our world,
we observe, we see, blessings.
Pour blessings on these beings.
Live blessings in this situation.
You know, right now,
from the sun itself
drops of very unqualified energies is coming out.
These energies has no discernment.
They penetrate everything.
They penetrate flowers, animals,
and human beings.
When we resist,
when energy has to come in,
it breaks us to enter.
Because this energy will enter
no matter what.
It's so important for us right now
to know that we are to surrender, surrender.
Surrender mean instead of this, this.
Give ourself to the light.
Give the personality that we are to the light.
Give the emotional body that we are to the light.
Give the mental body that we carry to the light.
Give everything, surrender.
And I tell you, magic is happening, magic.
So many gateways are open right now for us.
So many, so many other energy from the cosmos
from the universe are coming right here to serve.
And some are coming for curiousity.
Because it's all about energy.
You will hear people,
We're moving to spaceship, come back.
Some people we will ascend,
some will come back.
Some will not come back.
It's all about ascending
in the greatness of who we are.
Move back into the great central sun.
Move back consciously
in the place where we are from.
It's not that we are disconnected.
We're simply not aware anymore.
We've forgotten.
I wish to cancel the word forget from now on
and put awareness.
'Cause if we empower too much the word forget
It creates more forgetfulness.
Yes, of course.
So I would appreciate if we start thinking awareness.
I am aware, or I'm not aware.
I can be aware a minute after.
Our language is to shift
from a masculine perspective language
to a more feminine, a more round,
a more whole language with awareness.
Any final thoughts on this.
This is beautiful.
Great love and great blessings to all, really.
I am delighted to do the work right now on the planet
I wish (incoherent) was here.
I wish mother would be here physically.
Because this is the time of their work.
And that's what I enjoy
working with the cells,
the mental body of the cells,
the emotional body of the cells,
working with the cell membrane,
working with the DNA, RNA.
This is, this is what I'm enjoying.
And I'm coming to a place
where I can see the telomeres
of human have been so stressed or shortened
that sometimes I choose a few students.
I clear the stress,
and I see like a telomeres just become longer.
And they become younger.
Absolutely.
And there is work in the world of science.
The work of Patrick Flanagan and others.
Working specifically with trying to sustain
the lifespan of the telomeres,
but if you don't have consciousness
associated with it
Oh it won't work.
it's a whole different thing
It won't work.
And I hope that science doesn't bring
something where anybody can buy a product
to lenghthen their telomeres.
Because I tell you one thing,
anybody will buy this product.
They will get money to buy it,
but their consciousness will not change.
So they will be immortal beings with ego stuff.
Then they will be worse on the planet.
Why don't you go ahead and explain and set up
what talomeres are.
So people will understand what you're talking about.
It's about DNA
and (incoherent) contained in their DNA.
Which we all carry.
We have the good, the non good,
the light, the non-light.
When the telomeres,
when we are born the telomeres
has a certain length.
The more stress the people go trough,
the telomere contracts itself,
because there is only two energies on this planet.
One is love, expansion.
One is fear, contraction.
So now, I in the work,
whatever I'm telling you
I go through my meditation.
When the human grows
this telomere gets shortened.
The DNA get confused.
It just doesn't know what to do,
what not to do.
Or the storeroom is filled with fear instead of love
through all the experience they go through.
When the energy of love and light,
through meditation,
when we bring
the consciousness of the ascended masters for instance,
we can lengthen this telomeres.
My concern is, if I put a remedy out,
I do create drops and gases
to give to the students, all kind of device.
I enjoy this work.
If somebody who has a big ego,
takes money, buy this product,
get a long telomeres, will live for years.
I work with mostly antigravity.
What can we create in the planet?
That's again consciousness.
I agree with the teomeres, but love is first.
Do not destroy yourself,
and do not destroy anybody.
Do not hold on to resentment,
to expectation, to rage, to hatred, to fear.
The fear of death, the fear of the unknown.
Yes, Well.
And anyway, we are not the body.
The body is a house.
It's a clothe, so let's take good care of it,
but realizing that we are
pure energy inside,
and let's work with this energy and consciousness.
The DVD, the brain illumination DVD
is really wonderful in helping bring a lot of this to light.
I just want to say that once again.
I think its beautiful.
That's another tool
This is experience
people can work with,
that happen to me
very simple.
while I'm
Yes
with my guru, so.
And it's very accessible to every human being
if you choose to commit
to working with it.
We have these pockets
in our brains and when they're healed
it's easier and life just becomes more clear.
Experience of life becomes more divined.
That is one very practical way
people can begin to start refining.
There's another DVD and CD I think
where I talk of entities and Kharma,
or real versus unreal.
Okay, and everyone will be
having access to your website
Oh yes.
after this so they can,
Everyone just find your way there.
Once again, we're about out of time,
and I thank you so much
for your lovely presence today.
I'm so delighted that I get to see you again.
Thank you and great blessings
with great, great love.
May you all know that place
of love and light within,
the grace within,
and live in that expansion
of immortality, of eternity.
(chanting)
Blessings to all of you.
(soundscape music)
The brain illumination DVD
I was referring to just a bit ago
in the interview,
is available through Sai Maa's website,
at humanityandunity.org.
It's a wonderful tool for awakening the mind
and creating unity within.
We'll be speaking again with Sai Maa
in the months to come.
Until next time.
Thanks for watching CMN.
(soundscape music)